Hi everyone, I'm Mina Chetinkaya Randall and I'm here to tell you a bit about rstudio
conf 2019 and specifically the Train-the-Trainer Workshop I'll be giving ahead of the conference.
This is a two-day workshop and on the first day I will be joined by my colleague Gerrit
Grollemund to teach you how to teach short R courses and workshops.
On the second day you'll have the choice of choosing between the two tracks, how to
teach Shiny, which will be taught by me, and how to teach the tidyverse, which will be
taught by Gerrit.
This workshop is a rare opportunity for those of you who are considering branching out from
using R to also teaching R, as well as those who already might specialize in teaching R
but would like to improve.
I'm calling this a rare opportunity as many trainers and educators often go from being
practitioners to teachers without training in between about how to teach.
This was certainly true for me at the beginning of my teaching career.
However, I've found workshops, books, and other resources on how to teach more effectively
to be incredibly helpful for improving my own teaching.
Therefore, I'm very excited to share what I know about teaching R and Shiny with all
of you.
I'm also super excited about the opportunity to spend two days working with teachers of
R.
So, what did you expect from the Train the Trainer workshop?
On day one of our workshop, we will discuss best practices, pedagogical choices, and tips
for creating effective examples and activities.
More specifically, we will present practical activities that you can use immediately to
improve your presentation style, learning outcomes, and student engagement.
The goal is for you to leave the class with a cognitive model of learning that you can
use to develop your own effective workshops or courses within your organization.
Additionally, we will cover how to use RStudio Cloud and its curriculum of tutorials to jumpstart
your own lessons.
On day two, we will ask you to make a tough choice.
Do you want to learn more about teaching Shiny or teaching the tidyverse?
Those who pick Shiny will join me for a full day of training on teaching Shiny at the beginner
and intermediate levels.
Over the past, I have developed and taught a variety of Shiny courses and workshops,
both in person and online.
We will build on materials from these courses and workshops, as well as from the upcoming
book on Shiny by Joe Cheng, the creator of the Shiny package, and share examples that
cover the entire lifecycle of a Shiny app, that is, build, improve, and share.
A huge bonus of the workshop is that you will receive the course materials for teaching
Mastering Shiny, RStudio's two-day Shiny workshop.
Additionally, participants will receive the RStudio Certified Shiny Instructor Certificate.
This workshop is for you if you're a training partner or want to become one, or if you're
interested in the certification, or if you're an advocate for R in your organization.
We expect participants to be proficient with Shiny coming into the workshop.
Please visit the conference website to learn more about my and others' workshops, and I'm
very much looking forward to seeing you all in Austin.